good morning to the friends of auto moto.it mi
I call Federica deledda and I am the
manager of the traffic police section
of cremona
we are here today to present you a new one
road safety heading
we will take you on the roads with us for
show me the most dangerous behaviors
to the guide and to give you advice on how
travel safely
This third lane hands machine
despite having two other free lanes
on the right you decide to move
why
yes i would say he needs a check
and we can't explain
I have to see myself
the strange aventine
we are not close to the service area
so we can stop them and insecurity
for
orlandi
the sea that is reflux
45 really a 6
we are near the area of
service in the direction of Brescia
we carry out the control held during
people on board
good morning we proceed to a check
please give me the license and the card
of circulation
we stopped it because it looked like it
strange that he kept marching on
third lane
she knows that on the highway when she has one
free lane to the right must hold the
clearest lane to the right
45 verona 543 and therefore this is one
very frequent maneuver a car that
travels in the fast lane he has paraded
on the right this other one traveling in
third lane
in reality it is not a
misconduct is not a
overtaking
and the behavior of
this car is engaging
the third lane despite having one
in fact I would say two more to live on his
right
attention to this maneuver
very dangerous has made a
absolutely risky overtaking
moving to the right lane
this machine must be checked